README.md, before:

# Introduction 
This Android project is to be used as a starting point for all new Android projects. It is implemented using the Clean Architecture pattern.

It is written in Kotlin and we will try to keep all the libraries update to date when it makes sense.

The clean architecture may not make sense to all projects. So it is up the developer to decide what is best for the situation.

# Languages, Frameworks and Libraries

# Architecture

# Requirements
 
# Getting Started
1.	Installation process
    You will have to create a new file in the root directory of the project called `keystore.properties` and needs to the following information:
    
        `storePassword=YourStorePassword
         keyPassword=YourKeyPassword
         keyAlias=YourKeyAlias
         storeFile=../keystore`
    The values in the files are only needed if you decide to run this project in release mode.
2.	Software dependencies
3.	Latest releases
4.	API references

# Build and Test
TODO: Describe and show how to build your code and run the tests. 

# Conclusion

# Contribute
TODO: Explain how other users and developers can contribute to make your code better.

Commit message:

Add new minion (#4)
* Addition of the add minion functionality all the way to the activity.

Signed-off-by: Nabile Coulibaly <cnabilou@gmail.com>

* Addition of the add minion functionality all the way to the activity.

Signed-off-by: Nabile Coulibaly <cnabilou@gmail.com>

* Removal of the keystore file from the repo
Update to the readme

README.md, after:

# Introduction 
This Android project is to be used as a starting point for all new Android projects. It is implemented using the Clean Architecture pattern.

It is written in Kotlin and we will try to keep all the libraries update to date when it makes sense.

The clean architecture may not make sense to all projects. So it is up the developer to decide what is best for the situation.

# Languages, Frameworks and Libraries

# Architecture

# Requirements
 
# Getting Started
1.	Installation process
    You will have to create a new file in the root directory of the project called `keystore.properties` and needs to the following information:
    
        `storePassword=YourStorePassword
         keyPassword=YourKeyPassword
         keyAlias=YourKeyAlias
         storeFile=../keystore`
    The values in the files are only needed if you decide to run this project in release mode.

    You also need to store your keystore file on the root folder
2.	Software dependencies
3.	Latest releases
4.	API references

# Build and Test
TODO: Describe and show how to build your code and run the tests. 

# Conclusion

# Contribute
TODO: Explain how other users and developers can contribute to make your code better.
